Tui overview (#67)
dashpay/docs-platform: docs/tutorials/tui/index.md

# Platform TUI

- [Main screen](#main-screen)

- [Identity management](#identity-management)

- [Contracts](#contracts)

- [Strategies](#strategies)

- [Wallet](#wallet)

- [Platform information](#platform-information)

## Main screen

This screen is the application's main menu. The interface provides quick navigation options and a summary of essential information.

![](./img/TUI-1.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click an option below to jump to the section describing it in more detail:
- [Identity management](#identity-management)
- [Contracts](#contracts)
- [Strategies](#strategies)
- [Wallet](#wallet)
- [Platform information](#platform-information)

```

## Identity management

This screen is where identity operations are done, including requesting IDs, transfering credits, and registering a [DPNS name](https://docs.dash.org/projects/platform/en/stable/docs/explanations/dpns.html). Press `p` to enable proofs. 

![](./img/TUI-2.png)

## Contracts

This screen is where you will add, manage and remove [contracts](https://docs.dash.org/projects/platform/en/stable/docs/tutorials/contracts-and-documents.html). System contracts encompass [Dashpay](https://docs.dash.org/projects/platform/en/stable/docs/explanations/dashpay.html) and [DPNS](https://docs.dash.org/projects/platform/en/stable/docs/explanations/dpns.html) contracts as of today, other contracts must be fetched by ID.   

![](./img/TUI-8.png)

## Strategies

This screen is where you can add, select, import and export [strategies](https://www.dash.org/blog/strategy-tests-usage-guide/). 

![](./img/TUI-11-2.png)

### Strategy management

If you select or create a strategy, you are taken to the following screen. Here you can manage the selected strategy.

> - "Start contract" is the number of contracts at the start of your strategy
> - "start identities" is the number of identity present at the start" - it is recommended to have a sufficient number of identities. See the end of the [strategy guide](https://www.dash.org/blog/strategy-tests-usage-guide/) 
> - "identitiy inserts" is the number of identity inserted per block during the runtime of the strategy. 
> - "operations" let you define the actions triggered during the runtime of the strategy.

Reviewer: Re-ordered to match the summary at the top of the screen and made a few edits
```suggestion
- "Start identities" is the number of identities present at the start of your strategy - it is recommended to have a sufficient number of identities. See the end of the [strategy guide](https://www.dash.org/blog/strategy-tests-usage-guide/) for suggestions
- "Start contract" is the number of contracts at the start of your strategy
- "Identitiy inserts" is the number of identities inserted per block during the runtime of the strategy
- "Operations" let you define the actions triggered during the runtime of the strategy
```

![](./img/TUI-13.png)

### adding operations to a strategy

> If you select "operations", you will be presented with the following screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select "Operations", you will be presented with the following screen.
```

Remember that when adding a number of operations to the strategy, it is the number of operation *per block*. If the strategy runs for 12 blocks, and 5 operations are defined in the strategy, it will total to 5 operations each block for 12 blocks = 60 operations.   

> - "add" lets you add specific documents, identity topups, key adds,... a specified number of time per block as shown in the second screenshot below
> - "register x documents to all contracts" will register x document each block to every contract that has been created in the strategy so far. Adding 3 documents to 4 contracts will result to 12 documents being added per block. This includes both "start contracts" and contracts added by the "add" option thereabove.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Add" lets you add specific documents, identity topups, key adds,... a specified number of time per block as shown in the second screenshot below
- "Register x documents to all contracts" will register x document each block to every contract that has been created in the strategy so far. Adding 3 documents to 4 contracts will result to 12 documents being added per block. This includes both "start contracts" and contracts added by the "add" option.   
```

![](./img/TUI-28.png)

> the "add" screen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Add" screen:
```

![](./img/TUI-29.png)

## Wallet

This screen lets you see a loaded wallet's information. You can: 

> - register identities here as well as  and getting more utxos and loading an evonode identity
> 
> - loading previously registered identities
> 
> - load evonode identities (identities capable of masternode voting)
> 
> - split down the current utxos in your wallet into a desired amount of utxos with "get more utxos". (This comes in handy for strategies which require a lot of asset lock proofs)

Reviewer: Looked like the first line had some duplicate info
```suggestion
- Register identities
- Load previously registered identities
- Split the UTXOs currently in your wallet into a desired number of UTXOs with "Get more utxos". This is helpful for strategies that require many asset lock proofs.
- Load evonode identities (identities capable of masternode voting)
```
